# google.cert.project01

Hi. This is my first data analysis project and also my first time to use R in my work. They are the capstone project for Google Data Analysis Certificate Course offered in Coursera. ( https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-data-analytics) 
Tt is about operation data analysis of a frictional bike-share company in Chicago. For detailed background story, please check the pdf file ( Case 01.pdf) for reference. 


I have divided the my project work into 3 files:  
1. Capstone Project 01 Part 1 (Tasks) is the first part. 
    They are related to background introduction, my business tasks and objectives, and how I obtain the data sources for analysis.
2. Capstone Project 01 Part 2 (Code) is the second part.
    They are the R code I worked in RStudio for data processing, cleaning and generating graphs for next part analysis.
3. Capstone Project 01 Part 3 (Analysis) is the final part.
    They are my analysis of bike data, with graphs and charts generated by R ggplot2. At the end, I also provide some recommendations to business tasks, based on the data finding. 
I also provide a folder which contains R code and R markdown for reference. 

I understand that I am just new to data analysis and R but I am working hard to learn more. If you have any idea or feedback. please feel free to comment.

(Noted: I think the most challenging is the R codeing part in ggplot2. As I am first time to use R, several function I have to check and search find the internet. 
To make it more effective, it is better to export the cleaned data in rda/csv format, then use Tableau for higher efficiency...) 
